Liberty Hours was standing outside, her face turned to the sky. It was night. She stood still, breathing inside her sleek leather suit, the cool breeze kissing her uncovered face, stirring her short hair. She breathed out, in the light of the moon, the ground still warm beneath her feet. Then, just as she'd been perfectly still, she snapped into motion, turning on her heel, fitting her helmet over her head in a fluid motion that screamed killer and grace at the same time. She slung a leg over her motorcycle with her peculiar measured motions, quick but never rushing. Liberty Hours never rushed.She revved the engine, reveling in its delightful powerful purr, and took off down the road. Her wheels raised a thick-choking cloud of dust behind her. The night was clear, but still her vision had been shrouded. They were coming - something was coming - it was blurred, hidden from her. Someone knew she was watching. But she had read the signs correctly. That much was certain. The Twins, the Sword, and the Hel-Raiser. An ominous beginning. Still, she would be ready. - - -Cirrus lay on his bed, staring up at the ceiling. It was a nice ceiling, one of the better ones. It had proper moldings where it met the walls, and it was carved with a circular design, smaller swirls and flowers surrounding a large circle in the center, with a divot where a chandelier had once hung. They'd taken it down, of course. Anything like that would have been too much of a hazard for her. He considered hiring someone to put it back up, but ultimately decided it would be too much of a hassle. It had been three years, but still the house felt empty without her. It was a huge house, of course, a mansion really, with vast unused wings and unopened, dusty rooms. Cirrus only used the main suite and the essential rooms beneath it; everything else was closed away, locked up, with ghostly furniture under white dust shrouds. It was sad, in a sense, to think that those rooms, those chairs and tables and beds, might never see the light of day again, after having been used for hundreds of years. But there was a fact that could not be helped. On the plane home, he'd seen a section of a home improvement show that showed builders attaching moldings to the junction between the wall and ceiling with plaster. He wondered if these moldings had been tacked on like that, or if they'd been carved into the actual wood before it was installed. Probably the latter. Or whatever the proper way to construct moldings was. His ancestors had certainly spared no expense when constructing this place.Yes, it was a big old house. It didn't feel right with just him there, alone in the rooms that never lost their tomblike countenance, no matter how many windows he opened or how much light he let in. So he didn't stay very often, or for very long. But now he was here - again because of her, his twin, so close and yet so impossibly far away from him - and he couldn't shake the feeling that he was walking around inside his own coffin, that one day he would die and they would seal the doors and the walls and he would remain here forever, silent, dusty, colorless. Or they would come to take him away, just as they had taken Stratus. Some time passed. He got up and went downstairs. The curving, polished staircase was made of dark wood, probably of some ancient and extinct tree. It descended into the cavernous entrance hall, with its rich forest green wall hangings and spacious wooden floor, shiny in the afternoon light. The tall, paned windows that framed the front doors with their velvet curtains gave an underwater cast to the place. It was made for receiving diplomats, Cirrus thought, or dancing, with hundred of candles to light the space. Not simply for living. There was a single letter on the doormat, perfectly centered, which was strange in itself. Letters dropped through the mail slot often glided and landed five feet away, in the middle of the hall. Something about the air currents, Cirrus guessed. But this letter was right where it was supposed to be. He walked to it and picked it up. The paper was thick and felt luxurious. Mr. Cirrus Pinkney Straussman, it said, in elegant curling script, and nothing else. No address, no sender. Curious. He flipped it over to find that it was sealed with real wax, and a real seal - an image of a tree and a lightningbolt on a shield. He was familiar with most of the shields of the old houses, but this one was unknown to him. A bastard one, he thought, cobbled together from remnants of other, better houses. He broke the seal and a sigh seemed to go through the hall, but he looked up and nothing had changed. It was a draught, then - the old house was full of them in the fall. He pulled out the letter, which was on the same rich paper that the envelope was made of, and unfolded it. Mr. Straussman,Your presence is kindly requested to discuss the Will to which you are Heir.Friday, November the Thirteenth, at the Harris Mansion, Richmond, Virginia.Sincerely,Mr. Brentwood, Attn.on behalf of the late William Harris and his surviving relatives.Cirrus stared at the letter, as if by reading it enough times it would make more sense. Virginia? He didn't have family down there. But Harris - that was a familiar name… It didn't matter. Ms. Dewalt would look into it. And his sister? Would she be represented at this meeting? He should bring her lawyer, in case they had forgotten her. No one should ever forget her. He certainly could not. She might be locked up, she might be crazy for good this time, but she was no less important. Cirrus put the curious letter on a side table beneath a gilded mirror, glanced at his reflection - casually disheveled, his periwinkle house robe hanging off his shoulders - and went into the kitchen to find something for dinner. - - -Melissa was tired. She'd been in the workshop all day and now was so burnt out that she couldn't even summon a glamlight to find her keys in her bag. "Damn." She snapped her fingers again, and a yellow spark flickered and glowed before sputtering out. "Damn it to hell.""My god, Mel, tone it down. That's some intense language right there." Shauna appeared in the shadows on the stairs behind her, smirking. Melissa smacked her arm. "Shut up.""Here." Shauna signed a charm and the lock clicked open. Melissa glared. "You're not supposed to do that.""Says who? Horace? How's he ever going to know? And where's his proof it does any damage, anyway? Besides, you're one to talk, my dear sister.""Oh, give me a break," Melissa said, and pushed the door open. The piles of old books that lined the hallway creaked ominously, but she ignored them, heading straight up the narrow stairs to her attic room with the sloping ceiling. She threw herself onto her bed with a groan. "Horace left a message for you," Shauna yelled from downstairs. "I swear to the gods I'm never going to move again," Melissa muttered, but a few minutes later she roused herself and made her way back down the stairs. The apartment was a mess. That much could not be denied. But Melissa barely saw it, weaving her way between the stacks of books and old papers, melted candles, scrawled and discared runesigns and cantrips that still glowed with magical residue. Olly, her fat orange cat, hopped onto the kitchen table to greet her, purring. His left paw rested on Horace's message - an intricately folded paper star sealed with the rune Vr, the messenger. Melissa scratched Olly's head absentmindedly as she pulled the message out from under him and countersigned Vr to open the message. It flared orange, then faded to a smoldering glow, waiting for her to accept it. She placed her fingers on the five points of the star to receive the information Horace had incorporated into the paper. "Oh, fuck me," she said. "Language," Shauna called. Melissa scooped Olly into her arms and walked into the kitchen, where Shauna was chopping vegetables. A cluster of glamlights floated near the ceiling. Horace might frown upon it, but it did save them a fortune on their electric bill. "What's the news?" Shauna asked, sliding diced peppers into a bowl. "Bad.""I figured that much."Melissa sighed. "Horace cast runes. He thinks he found Claudia's children. One of them, at least.""Sorry, I didn't pay attention in history class. I thought he was looking for them? Why is that bad?"Melissa stared at her, incredulous. "It could be the end of the world. The death of the Tree.""That serious?"Melissa didn't answer as she put Olly down on the counter. Shauna wrinkled her nose and pushed him off onto the floor, where he twined around Melissa's ankles, looking up at her hopefully. Shauna twirled the knife she'd been using and leaned against the counter. "So what are we going to do?""We have to intercept the child before the Others do. If Horace located him, they may have as well.""And then?""Pray we aren't too late."- - -The Harris Mansion loomed dark against the overcast sky. Cirrus looked apprehensively out the window as his sleek black car rolled up the drive.It had been a three hour flight from Cold Spring, NY to Richmond, and he was irritable and tired of sitting. Perhaps they would drive back. It was only six hours, and might be worth it if only to not have to go through airport security again. He hated taking his shoes off in public. "We have arrived, sir," his driver said, unnecessarily. Cirrus put on his suit jacket, ran a hand over his slicked-down hair, and stepped out of the cool, air conditioned interior into the humid, sticky Virginian air. He made a face. "I won't be staying longer that I have to," he said to Ms. Dewalt, who already stood at this side, looking as cool and crisp as ever. "We shouldn't keep them waiting," she said."Of course." He gestured for her to proceed, and she set off towards the house, her briefcase swinging in her hand.Cirrus followed her, the gravel crunching under his polished shoes as he crossed the remaining distance towards the large foreboding doors. He lifted the ancient knocker - a ring in the mouth of a lion, once gold, now the color of the wood it was mounted on - and let it boom against the door. A dry, empty sound. There was no response. "Maybe it's the wrong place," he said hopefully. "Don't be ridiculous," Ms. Dewalt said. Sadly, Cirrus thought, fifteen minutes later, she had been right. They were sitting around a large, elegant dining table in some hall decorated with paintings of old men who were no doubt long dead. A bronze vase of dried flowers sat in the middle of the table, and around the table sat some ten or twelve people who were supposedly mentioned in William Harris' will.The lawyer - Mr. Brentwood - was old and balding, with white hair and a fat face. He peered through the tiny glasses perched on the end of his nose with a comical grimace. "Cirrus…Straussman?""Present," Cirrus said, unable to keep from tapping his fingers with impatience. Get on with it, old man. You know who I am, you sent me a letter. He kept his face smooth and calm, however, as he reclined gracefully in the old chair in his elegant suit, his long hair combed back from his face. There were many things that Cirrus did not know how to do, but if there was one thing he was good at, it was sitting in chairs. "Present," the old man mumbled, making a note on a paper in front of him. "Stratus Straussman?""My sister," Cirrus said. "She was unavoidably detained. Our attorney, Ms. DeWalt, will be representing her as well as me." Ms. Dewalt, seated next to him, inclined her head as Cirrus gestured to her. Mr. Brentwood huffed. "The wording specifically says all recipients must be present at the reading.""As I said, it was unavoidable." Cirrus fixed him with a cool stare. Mr. Brentwood shook his head. "Very well," he said. "Melissa Tarberry?""Here," said the woman sitting across from Cirrus. She was around his age, maybe couple of years older, with huge, messy dark curls and intense eyes. She was pretty in a severe way, which she had accented with dark lipstick and strange jewelry. She looked at Cirrus as she spoke, and held his gaze slightly too long, looking away only when Mr. Brentwood spoke again. "Well, we're all accounted for," he said. "Shall we get started?" Around the table, people stirred, coming alive again at the prospect of receiving vast amounts of money.Half an hour later, after the reading of the document itself, and the reading of the attached documents, and the unattached but possibly relevant documents, they took a brief recess. Cirrus stood, stretched, and crossed the room to the silver coffee urn on the sideboard. He'd forgotten exactly how bone-numbingly tedious readings of this sort would be, and all he wanted at this moment was to be outside, in the daylight, in a field somewhere maybe, with all of this somewhere else, unseen, unheard. Someone approached as he was stirring cream into his coffee, and he half-turned to see Melissa stand next to him and pour herself a cup. "You look bored," she said. He glanced up at her and gave a small smile, nodded. "I hate this place. Makes me feel like I'm ancient and about to croak," she continued. "Did you know William Harris well?" "I'm afraid not.""It's fine. You didn't miss much.""I'm sorry, you are…?""Melissa," she said, extending a hand. He shook it. Her grip was firm. "Cirrus," he said."Yes, I know.""Ah. How are you related to Mr. Harris?""It's a long and convoluted family tree, and there's been bad blood between his branch and mine. But the man was forgiving in his old age, I guess." She leaned against the sideboard, sipped her coffee. "Where are you from, Cirrus?""My house is in upstate New York.""That's a strange way of putting it.""I suppose so." Cirrus glanced at his watch and sighed. Mr. Brentwood shuffled back into the room, settled himself in his chair, and cleared his throat. "If everyone could rejoin us?"Cirrus nodded to Melissa and turned his back on her as he returned to his seat, grateful their conversation had been halted. It wasn't that he didn't like her, but something about her threw him off, and anyway, who makes small talk at the reading of a will?A couple of minutes later, he was wishing that he was still making awkward conversation with her, as Mr. Brentwood laid out the wishes of Harris' surviving children that were contradictory with minor items in the will. Melissa excused herself. Cirrus watched her go, envying her freedom. "Does anyone wish to present any other claims contrary to Mr. Harris' children's wishes?""I do." A middle-aged bearded man sat forward in his seat. "I should receive the rights to the secondary coat of arms. It rightfully belonged to my grandfather."Cirrus' cellphone buzzed in his pocket. Oh, thank God. He surreptitiously checked the caller ID - it was his investor. "Excuse me," he said, and stepped out of the room. He answered the phone as he walked down the hall towards the front doors. "Hello?""Mr. Staussman, always so good to talk to you," his wheezy, cheerful financier said. The call crackled with static. "How are you doing today?""Fine, thanks." Cirrus descended the front steps, standing in the shadow of the monolithic mansion. It didn't bother him any more - he was just grateful to be outside, where the air might be humid but at least there was a breeze. "What are you calling about today?""Oh, I wanted to speak to you about—" There was another crackle and a hiss and the line went dead. "What? Hello?" His phone beeped - the call ended. "Shit." Cirrus looked up at the house, the fat pillars on either side of the door. He didn't want to go back inside. There was a sound behind him, the crunch of a footstep on gravel, and he turned just in time to see Melissa coming at him, whispering something under his breath. He took a step back."What are you—"But then her hand was over his mouth, and his eyes rolled back in his head as consciousness left him. The phone fell from his hand onto the gravel as Melissa caught him and lowered him gently to the ground.- - -After knocking Cirrus out, Melissa quickly cast a Shroud over both of them, so that anyone looking out the windows wouldn't see them, unless they knew exactly what they were looking for. It wouldn't hold up for long under intense scrutiny or an enhanced gaze, but it would do for now. She looked down at the boy lying at her feet, her hands on her hips. Because he was a boy, really. What was he, nineteen, twenty? Just a couple of years younger than her. But then she wasn't sure why she'd expected someone older; she knew when his mother had died, she could do the math. Of course he was around her age. Still, he was younger, gentler, more innocent than she had pictured him, with his pointed, pale face, his long blond hair combed down neatly to the nape of his neck, the light dusting of freckles across his cheeks. "Cirrus Straussman," she said out loud. The name felt like a cool white pebble in her mouth. She knelt, placed a hand on his left wrist and her other on the right side of his neck, and signed Ér, the Earth; the Journey. The house, the driveway, the overcast sky whirled around them, like a picture falling out of a children's book, and they were gone. - - - "It's not him," a deep voice said. Cirrus regained consciousness like a swimmer breaking the surface of the water, gasping. He looked around, wide-eyed. He was lying on a cot in a small room, lit by the warm glow of a table lamp on the nightstand. Bunches of dried herbs hung from the ceiling, giving the place an earthy, spicy smell. Four people were crowded into the room, looking down at him. Nearest the bed, an old man sat on a wicker chair, peering at him with bright, intelligent eyes. Tufts of white hair stuck out from his head at odd angles. Next to him stood Melissa - oh, God - with a concerned and anxious expression. "Not at all? Nothing?" she said. "I'm afraid not," the old man said, his resonant, smooth voice at odds with his frail-seeming body.What was the first thing you were supposed to do when you were kidnapped? Cirrus glanced around, trying to take in his surroundings, map all the exits. Unfortunately, there was only the one door. A tall woman leaned against the door frame, her arms crossed. Next to her, hovering behind Melissa and the old man, stood a boy who couldn't have been older than fourteen, with a smooth, round face and a wide mouth."I'm glad to see that you have joined us, Cirrus," the old man said, leaning forward and clasping his hands together. "It's all right. We are not going to harm you. We are of the Elm." Cirrus sat up, his back against the wall, drawing the thin blanket towards himself as though that would somehow protect him. "Look—I don't know who you are, and I don't know why you've brought me here, but if you want money, I have it. I can pay the ransom, alright? Just let me go."Melissa raised her eyebrows. The old man turned and looked at her, dismay in his eyes. "I don't want your money, Cirrus," the man said, clearly making an effort to be non-threatening. "My name is Horace. You have already met Melissa, my assistant."Melissa raised a hand in an ironic wave. "Hi," Cirrus said."This is Shauna, her sister," Horace continued, indicating the woman standing in the door, "and Elto, my ward." The boy stepped forward and smiled shyly. "We are here to help you, Cirrus," Horace said, his eyes deep and intent. "But first, I need to know - do you have any siblings?""Why?""It's very important.""I'm not telling you anything. I don't need any help, thanks.""Are you sure about that? You were just kidnapped by strangers, and you have no clue as to their intentions. I'd say you need a lot of help right about now. If you do not answer my questions willingly, I will take the information from you by force. I would hate to do that, but these are desperate times. So tell me about your siblings."Cirrus looked around at all the faces in the room in disbelief. What the hell was going on here? Would they really torture him?Melissa nodded slightly, as if encouraging him to speak."Sibling, singular," Cirrus muttered. "My twin sister, Stratus. She's—not right in the head.""That's it? No other?""Just her."Horace turned and looked at Shauna, who nodded and left the room. "Thank you," Horace said. "Now that wasn't so hard. And now I will answer any and all the questions you have.""What are you going to do to her?""Nothing. We just want to make sure that she's safe.""Okay," Cirrus said, although he didn't believe him for a second. "Can I go now?""Not yet.""Where am I?""You are in a safe house in Lakeville, Connecticut."Cirrus stared. "I was in Virginia. So was she." He pointed at Melissa. "That's correct.""Who are you people?""Now that's a longer and more complex answer. I'll let Melissa do the explaining; I have some business to attend to." Horace stood. He was surprisingly tall. He held out a hand to Cirrus. "Pleasure to make your acquaintance, Cirrus Straussman.""Um," Cirrus said eloquently, as the man shook his hand with a small bow and stepped out of the room. The boy - Elto - followed him, leaving only Melissa and Cirrus. "Sorry about all that," she said, seating herself in the chair Horace had recently vacated. "He means well, he really does. And your sister is in no more danger than you are.""I don't understand. What do you want from me? How did we get here?""It didn't take long. We have means of - traveling."Cirrus didn't even know what to do with that, so he just ignored it. "I do apologize for incapacitating you. I know it's pretty disorienting. But I had to get you out of there safely and without any fuss.""Why? What—Who—" He stopped. It was too much. She sighed. "Okay, Cirrus. Do you know anything about woodworking?""Like - making chairs?"She actually laughed. "No. Not like making chairs. Like - sometimes in the world, there are people who can do amazing things. Impossible things. Things that other people can't do.""Are you trying to sell me drugs?""What? No. Why would you even think that?""I don't know. It might be because you've kidnapped me and I have no idea what you want. But please, continue.""Thank you. So sometimes, there are people who can do these things, like—like this." She flicked her thumb and ring finger together, and a fire kindled in her cupped palm. Cirrus sat forward, his breath catching in his throat. She closed her hand around the flame and when she opened it again, it was gone, and there was no mark on her hand - nothing. "Do that again," Cirrus said. She did. He reached towards it, could feel the heat. "Wha—don't burn yourself, moron," she said, extinguishing the flame again. Cirrus took her hand, examined it, turned it over, searching for a hidden lighter, a tiny fuse, anything that might explain what he'd just seen. There was nothing - only her warm dark skin. He stared at her. "How—""Magic," she said simply. "You must be joking.""I'm not.""So—what, you're a witch?""That's one word for it. This is the House of the Elm." She pulled up her cluster of bracelets to reveal a small tattoo on her wrist.  "And all of you can do this—magic?" He felt foolish even saying the word out loud. Magic wasn't real. But he couldn't explain her handful of fire, either. "All of us except for Elto. He's Horace's adoptive son, pretty much. You're either born with the spark, or you're not. Try as you like, you can't learn it. This is basically Woodworking 101, so pay attention. Elmastry is simple in theory, but difficult in practice." She paused. "Or maybe it's the other way around. Anyway. Our magic comes through the runes, which we can use animately, like this—" she shaped her fingers into a complicated sign, whispered something, and vanished. Cirrus jumped. "I'm still right here," Melissa said, and suddenly she was there again. It was as though Cirrus' brain had simply forgotten to register her for a moment. "That was a Shroud," she said. "Good for hiding temporarily, or moving unseen. We can also use the runes inanimately, as runestones, to foretell the future. That was how Horace found you.""Why are you telling me this? Do I have this—this power as well?"Melissa sighed. "We hoped you did. It would have made things so much easier. But in terms of magic, you're as dumb as a doorknob."Cirrus felt unreasonably disappointed. "Then why are you telling me this?""It's incredibly important for you to know. You've been hidden for many years, but you're not hidden anymore, and there are Others out there far less friendly than us. I'm telling you this because I want you to survive."The room felt too small, claustrophobic. "I need some air," he said.She nodded. "Good idea. Let's take a walk."- - -The late afternoon sunlight was slanting in golden beams as they walked towards the park in the center of the town. Cirrus matched Melissa's pace, but he was silent, his eyes far away. A couple of teenage boys with backwards caps and floppy hair skated past them, focusing incredibly hard on looking nonchalant. "Hey. Hey!" Melissa cupped her hands around her mouth. "You're not cool!"One of the boys flipped her off over his shoulder."What about Ms. Dewalt?" Cirrus said suddenly. "She'll know you took me. She'll come looking for me.""Nancy Dewalt is safely at home in New York. She's a bit muddled and confused about what happened. It's mostly a blur for her. She doesn't even remember the reading."Cirrus looked horrified. "Oh, don't give me that face. It was the most humane thing. She's completely unharmed. Besides, they would have gotten her if I hadn't intervened, and they would have been a lot less kind.""Well, what about the other people at the reading? They'll surely remember that I never came back."Melissa gave him a you're-being-stupid look. "You do not want those people to come looking for you, Cirrus.""You can't be serious.""Do you think I'm lying to you? The reading was fake. It was a lure. Why do you think I interfered like that?""What did they want with me?""They wanted your name. They would have asked you to sign something, and once you did, they would have owned you."Cirrus tried to absorb that. "But I've signed things before.""Of course, but you haven't signed an incorporated paper. A strong enough woodworker can enchant an object, especially a paper object, to absorb the essence of a name, and then with the right runespell, that essence can be owned by the spellcaster. Their plan was to lure you with money and then keep you for their own. They don't realize that you don't have the Fire.""Why didn't they catch you then, if they're so powerful?""A combination of luck, disguise, and their arrogance."Cirrus heaved a sigh. "I've been a good sport so far, Melissa. But secret societies of witches, at war with each other, fighting over me? I'm playing along, but surely you must know how ridiculous this sounds.""Truth is always stranger than fiction. And you've seen things today that your version of the world can't explain. Right?"They reached the park. Melissa sat down on a bench overlooking a grassy field. "Sit," she said. "Your mind needs a rest. And we're called Elmmasters, by the way. Witches is a horribly general term."Cirrus sat. The grass was still green, the sky was still blue, but the world seemed a very different place than it had that morning. Part of him wished he could go back. Another part was just stirring awake.- - - The workshop looked different in the evening. Floating orbs of light - glamlights, Melissa had called them, as she conjured them out of thin air and sent them upwards with a flick of her wrist - crisscrossed the ceiling, lighting up the place with a warm, welcoming glow. The long wooden tables had been scrubbed clean, cleared of scraps of wood. (They did, it seemed, make chairs in their spare time. In fact, the chair Cirrus was sitting in had probably been made in this very room.) Melissa was perched on a table, carving a new runestick with a short knife. Horace stepped in through the side door and nodded at Melissa in greeting. "How much does he know?"Melissa put her knife down. "I explained the basics. I don't know how much he took in. He seems kind of shellshocked.""Well, that's to be expected," Horace said. He crossed the room to Cirrus and knelt in front of him, so that their eyes were level. "First, I must apologize. I had expected you to know far more than you do. I jumped into the middle of the story without giving you proper warning. That was my fault. You see, I've been searching for you for years without finding a trace. And then, suddenly, there you were. Revealed, plain as could be. Just you - your sister is still hidden, for now. But if the charm that was protecting you wore off, whatever is protecting her can't last much longer."Cirrus awkwardly tried to both look him in the eyes and look away at the same time. "Sorry, protecting me from what?""We're not the only ones that are looking for you. And the Others have a far darker intention. The children of Claudia Lot were foretold to have immense power. Power that has equal potential to build or destroy.""You knew my mother?"Horace smiled, his eyes crinkling. "Your mother was an incredibly powerful witch. She was our best and brightest. The best in her generation, possibly. Magic like that doesn't just dissipate, no matter how mundane your father was. So if it didn't go to you, then it surely went to—""Stratus," Cirrus said. "Oh, God." There was a sudden crash as the front door banged open, almost shaking off its hinges. Liberty Hours stood framed in the doorway, hands on her hips. Dust - or was it smoke? - billowed off her shoulders like a cape in the breeze. "What are you punks up to this time," she said, and strode inside without waiting for a reply. "Liberty," Horace said. "I'm glad you're here. We need your expertise."Cirrus watched this strange new player, wide-eyed and apprehensive in his corner. She had blood red lipstick and black makeup smudged around her eyes like a mask, and as she passed him he saw that the back of her leather jacket had an image of an eagle holding a tattered American flag in its claws. "I'm here because of the runes. I don't believe anything you people say, but the stones don't lie." She tossed three runestones down on the table. "The Twins, the Sword, and the Hel-Raiser.""Good gods," Horace whispered. Liberty noticed Cirrus sitting in the corner. She jerked her chin towards him. "Who's this?""This is Cirrus, our guest," Horace said. "Cirrus, this is Liberty Hours.""What kind of a name is that?" Cirrus accidentally said out loud. "It's my stripper name." Liberty fixed him with a stare, daring him to laugh.Cirrus looked at Melissa. "Is she serious?"Melissa grinned like she was ready to play a joke on everyone in the room. Liberty sneered and brushed past her, planting herself opposite Horace. "We did have some wind of these happenings," Horace said, rotating the Twins with his forefinger. "Cirrus here is the son of Claudia.""You unearthed him? It's your fault, then. Good to know." "It's not him. It's his sister.""Well, where is she?""Safe, for now.""So he's useless.""Perhaps," Horace said. He touched the third runestone. "Any hint as to the nature of the sword?""No. But there have been some whisperings about…" She broke off and glanced not so subtly at Cirrus. Horace took the hint."Cirrus," he said. "There are some things we need to discuss. Would you please excuse us?"Cirrus rose and left the room without a word. He found his way back to the room with the cot and the herbs where he'd woken up and sat heavily on the edge of the bed, covering his eyes with his hands until his vision was blurry. He stared at his feet in his ordinary shoes, on the ordinary hardwood floor. Some time passed. "Hey." Cirrus looked up to see Melissa standing in the doorway. He stood, tried to seem less pathetic. "I was just, um—""They can be pretty harsh," she said, coming over and sitting on the bed, folding one leg underneath herself like she belonged there, like it was the most natural thing in the world. It was the smallest detail, but it broke though whatever remained of Cirrus' defenses. He collapsed next to her, head in his hands."I never even knew this whole world existed," Cirrus said. "And now I'm almost part of it, but not quite—I mean, I don't even know if I would want it, but it just seems—""Hey." She put her hand on his arm, interrupting his broken words. "You can't be that normal," she said. "You're named after a cloud." He huffed an unexpected laugh. "Yeah. My mother was crazy. Who knows what they were thinking? I didn't choose my name.""No. But you can own it."Cirrus thought about that. "It's yours," she continued. "In the way that nothing else is. Seriously. And be careful. If you don't own it, someone else will.""I want to go home," Cirrus said, and was slightly surprised to find that he meant it. "I want to change my clothes. I want to brush my teeth."Melissa nodded. "I can take you. Horace said it's okay. He can't find it when he looks for it, so the building itself is still protected. If you stay inside the gates, you'll be fine. I'm assuming there are gates." "Of course there are gates.""I knew it. Ready to go?" She pulled him to his feet, and put one hand on his left wrist and the other on his neck. "The last time I did this, you were unconscious," she said. "You're going to see why in a second. It's a little disorienting, so hold on to your dinner.""I didn't have any dinner," Cirrus said, and then Melissa's fingers moved against his skin and the world scrambled around them and fell away and they were rushing through the void, except that there were great splashes of light around them and a rushing wind and there was no direction, no gravity, and he was spinning out of control—Cirrus landed on the floor of his bedroom and fell to his knees, retching. His head was still spinning, but the world was still now, and after dry-heaving a few times, he was able to sit up. Melissa looked amused. "You said a little disorienting," he said. Thank god there was nothing in his stomach to bring up. "That was the worst thing I've ever experienced.""You'll get used to it," she said. "Or not, I guess."Cirrus sat back on his heels. "Hey. You said that Horace can't even find this place. How did you know where to take me?""I used the knowledge stored in your body. Now I'll be able to come here on my own, if I ever need to.""Oh, that's comforting." He stood up and stretched. In the familiar place, his body was relaxing, complaining. His feet ached. "That woman. Liberty. Is she an Elmmaster too?""She's an Ashwalker. Doesn't play well with others.""I'm assuming that means something to you.""There are eight Treeclans. Nine, if you count the Others. I usually don't." She recited in a sing-song voice, like a nursery rhyme:"Alder, Aspen, Oak and ElmRowan, Dogwood, Birch and Ash."Cirrus waited for more, but she was finished. "That doesn't rhyme."Melissa rolled her eyes. "I know it doesn't rhyme. It's just a mnemonic, okay? Gods. Goodnight, Cirrus. I'm sure we'll be seeing each other again soon."She turned to go. Cirrus caught her arm. "That rune that Liberty mentioned… the raiser of something?"Melissa nodded grimly. "The Hel-Raiser.""Hell? Like - Satan? I didn't think that was real.""No. That's a pretty fairy story compared to what we're dealing with. Hel - you could say she's the goddess of the underworld, the arbiter of dark forces. You'll find her in Norse mythology. They said that she was the daughter of Loki, half living, half dead. Not exactly true, but you can imagine her like that if it makes it easier for you.""So what does the… Hel-Raiser do, then?""It's pretty self-explanatory. And very, very bad."A horrible thought occurred to him. "I'm not the Hel-Raiser, am I?""You would know. No. You're one of the Twins. Together, you and your sibling are strong, strong enough to save or end the world. It's up to you."Panic crawled its way up Cirrus' throat. "I can't do that. Surely you're mistaken. The world doesn't rest in my hands."Melissa patted his shoulder. "Not yet. But it will. And you need to be ready. So try to get some sleep, okay?" She grinned cheekily, then signed a rune with both hands and whirled and vanished into a single point. Cirrus was left alone in his house, staring at the empty room. 