How do you break up with someone you aren't actually dating. I connected with the gentleman on an online-dating site. We started texting, and went out on one coffee date. Then he started texting me all the time, making plans way too far in the future (like where would we go for Christmas dinner). He even sent flowers to my office. I tried to tell him he was coming on too strong, but to no avail. How do I break it off with him when it was never really on? 



Do teens in high school have parties like in superbad cuz i have not once seen a party like that?
I am a junior now and haven't really seen it, any of u guys been to parties like that?
I work in an office where I spend most of my day sitting in a cubicle. My coworkers are older than me, and they decorate their cubes with pictures of their spouses, kids, and pets. Whenever they come to my cube they always comment on how I haven't decorated it all. I'm a single guy without any kids or pets, and I need some decorating ideas that are personal enough to be interesting, but still appropriate for work. Any suggestions? 

Hey, do you have any creative ideas for fundraisers? I'm raising money to spend two years in Nicaragua volunteering, and I'm a little short of my goal. Thanks! 

How can i make a homemade engagement ring?
I am ready to propose to my girlfriend of over a year. but we're in college so you can imagine that money is tight. I want to make a ring by Thursday night which is when I am proposing. it doesn't have to be super fancy as I know eventually I will buy her something nice. I just need something to show I care and love her. please help. (:
38:03 - Hey brothers, I have a pressing issue. My best friend starting dating a girl last year. She seems to make him happy, and that's great. Here's the problem: I really dislike her. It's not that she's bitchy or mean to me most of the time, it's just that I don't like her personality. They often ask me to hang out with him and a few other friends of ours. My question is this: should I not hang out with him, and so not see my best friend, or should I still hang out with him, and just grin and bear her company? Please brothers, I need advice. 

I've recently started my first office job, and I've noticed something unusual. I attend several meetings each week, and frequently hear my coworkers hear expressions I have never heard before. For example:

I'm not here to cut down the bush and throw it in the fire.
I'm not here to put the elephant on the table and attack it.
We're up to our eyeballs in allegators.
There's a little hair on that.
I understand these in context, but they seem weird to me. I also find that others pick up on them and start using them too. Am I missing something and these are common expressions? Any ideas about a weird new expression I can try introducing into the workplace? 



Eel help! Has he gone crazy?









I always have the same problem when I'm at a party or out with friends; for whatever reason, I'm always introduced to new people just as I come out of the bathroom and my hands are still a little wet from washing. So now I'm stuck stepping out of a bathroom and immediately giving a damn handshake. It doesn't make for a good first impression. So, what's the proper response to a handshake request when you have wet hands? 



If your celebrity crush says he or she will go out with u if.....?
You eat just a little bit of his or her poop would you do it?
I just moved into an apartment for the new semester of my college year; while my room looks good, I have an issue; there is nothing on my walls. I thought this wouldn't be an issue, but staring at the void of nothing surrounding me is making me edgy. So what should I put up there? 

I recently started a new job, but I have a problem; a manager burps, constantly, and never excuses himself. He mentioned once that he burps when he is hungry, but that would mean he's hungry all the time. The other day I think he burped in front of a customer and didn't say anything. Also, these are not little burps. Should I say something to him, and if so, what should I say? Is this just a guy thing that girls just have to deal with? I was bullied by a burper in elementary school, so maybe I'm more sensitive to burps. Please help me out. 


My lady friend's sister got knocked up by a questionable suitor from your hometown. We're headed to the wedding next month and seek your guidance for things to do in Huntington that don't involve feigning confidence in the unholiest of unions.



Would you love your child if they turned into a snake?




Help my computer is playing Jackie Chan Adventures and I don't know why?





How should I PREP as Santa Claus?
I am a returning Santa Claus to my local region. My next door neighbor has already asked me to show up to their (families) Christmas party; I think Christmas Eve.
I already have a (semi)-Santa-length beard starting. ;-)=
HOW SHOULD I PREP myself this year? I had already showed up around my local region to random families' Christmas parties, earlier years. - Many of them already have me (Santa Claus) in their plans this year.
Should I (in any way) CHANGE my appearance to 'enhance' A SANTA CLAUS-look? I want to "keep in vogue" with any styles / fashions that might change my "accepted" appearance.
P.S. Donner has not been very good this year! - I might have to place him behind BIitzen again - Those two have been up to something!! :-o= claus
A few years ago I was celebrating Candlenights with my in-laws, and it was time to open up our stockings, so we were all shouting, "Stocking, stocking, stocking!" Which actually became "Star King, Star King, Star King!" We decided this was to be the new Christmas lord. Now instead of Santa, we give out gifts from the Star King. The problem is I now have a son, and I'm worried he'll end up an outcast because of our tradition. For perspective, I have a friend who had a real tough time in school because her parents told her the Trash Man came [unintelligible] number one, took away her Halloween candy and replaced it with a toy. Am I good, or should I try to give my son a more mainstream Candlenights. 



Why does Santa Clause allow Rudolph to get bullied by the other reindeer? Santa has a duty to keep all his reindeer safe.?
I bought some presents for my friend's kids this Candlenight. Her younger one is nine months old, and I found these awesome stuffed dragons that make noise. The only problem - they're technically dog toys. I already gave them to her, but didn't mention the dog toy part. Honestly, I think the more annoying toy is the foam lightsaber I got her eight year old. Am I good? 



If I send a spear into space and it pierces the sun, will the sun explode?



I'm a big kombucha enthusiast. I've been riding this fermented freight train for about two months now, so my question is this: is it appropriate to bring a bottle of kombucha to a restaurant if I know they don't have it available, or is it a "no outside food or drinks" ordeal like at a movie theater? Please help me brothers. The prospect of washing down a meal without a drink is daunting to me, so should I bring my beverage of choice, or just suck it up and order a water there? 



Would you rather live under the sea or up in the sky?
My dad has found himself in a bit of a jam. He hosted a company party with some coworkers at our house last weekend. One of the coworkers is vegan, and brought over a tin of these brown cookie biscuit things, shaped and decorated like little squirrels. When she gave them to my dad, she referred to them as "squirrel biscuits." My dad replied something to the effect of, "Oh, Violet [our dog] loves squirrels," to which she replied, "Well, I'm sure she'll love these too." The problem is, we have no idea whether these "squirrel biscuits" are actually meant for people or dogs. The coworker did not specifically mention that they were either, and a cursory taste doesn't disprove either possibility. How does one a vegan coworker if their cookies are meant for animals or people without offending her or making a fool of ourselves? 



What are some juggalo prayers?
The other day I caught sight of myself drinking a bottle of beer in my reflection, and realized for the first time the way I drink looks a lot stranger than I thought. I put my whole mouth over the opening to drink, rather than simply bringing the bottle to lips and sipping. Is that weird? Do you see other people that drink like that? I'm 26-years-old, and even thought it might look weird, it might be my thing. Is it too weird to be sustainable, or am I just being paranoid and it doesn't matter at all? 


Where can I find a free .jpg-image of TIM ALLEN dressed as SANTA CLAUS?


Hi brothers, I have a friend who is intelligent and well-read, but for reasons unknown she mispronounces the word "pseudonym," saying "sway-dum" instead of pseudonym. I didn't correct her that first time she mispronounced, and now if I correct her I'll just look like a jerk for letting her say it wrong all these years. How do I let her know she's saying it wrong without coming off as a jerk? 



What does it actually sound like when doves cry?
I like to think that doves don't cry but, someone thinks that they do.
I'm a dude and I have no idea how to carry coins. I used to just use my credit card for everything, but I'm trying to use cash more. My wallet doesn't have a coin section, and because I'm Canadian there would be too many coins in there anyway. Right now I carry some coins in my pocket when I'm nervous about the sound of them. I don't drive, so I can't just put them in my car cup holder like a fucking adult. What do I do? 


What is it about professional wrestling that makes you want to become one ?
For me I love communicating with strangers around the world and that's a big part of wrestling when talking on the microphone before a match during a show. Millions of people watching will know your work and will want to see you everywhere. Of course it requires a lot of physical activity in regards to an actual match, but I think I can do it just from learning the basics with the proper training : Hitting the ropes, the footwork when circling around your opponent, the flipping around and bumping which helps with the grapples and submission moves etc.
There's this guy I used to be friends with, but we haven't spoken to regularly in a couple years. I honestly didn't even know him that well when we were in contact, but for some inexplicable reason he always texts me right after he has sex with someone, tells me about it in vivid detail, and then does not contact me again until the next time he bones down. Why did he choose me for this? How do I get him to stop? Please god can someone help me? 




Who would win in a fight, one godzilla sized pug, one million pug sized godzillas or kevin from home alone?

I heard that if you get a taco bell tattoo, they will give you free food for life. Is this true?


Now that the recreational use of marijuana has been legalized in California, my sweet and law-abiding husband wants to try it. I want him to love my favorite flower just as much as I do. What movies/music/munchies would you recommend I have on hand for his initiation into the recreational cannabis world? 

Can young Shaq take down a large male wolf?
Okay so I was wondering if a younger 300 poundish 7'1 Shaq would've been able to kill a large male wolf using no weapons but his body. I'd guess he could because his weight strength and height advantage
21:56 - I work as a bartender/cashier at a small place in lower Manhattan. It's small enough that I usually end up chatting for a short bit with customers. It's a fairly busy place, and I've noticed that I really only have two goodbyes: "See ya" and "Have a good one." These are some basic farewells. Multiple times a customer and I have said "have a good one" in unison. Can the brothers think of fresh/unique ways to say goodbye to customers? 

Recently it has been brought to my attention that the CEO for the company I work for (who is kind of an ass) thinks "memes" is the hip young term for graphics. As a result, whenever she wants a social media post or a public newsletter to contain imagry from our design team, she asks for "lots of real good memes." Apparently she has been doing this for at least a year, and nobody has pointed it out. Do I tell her the mistake she is making, or do I let it go and pray she never brings up the term in conversation with business partners? 

Why are merkins considered "cool" but toupeés are not?


I need a word that begins with J (not jelly)?



My wife and I recently moved into a new house. This week, I came home to find that our neighbors had left us a gift on our front porch. It's not unusual in our neighborhood, and we had previously received potted plants, loaves of bread, bags of apples. However, this week's gift was slightly more different - we received a book. Specifically, we received Kama Sutra: Classic Lovemaking Techniques Reinterpreted. My question is two fold: 1) How the fuck do I face my neighbors after they've given us such a thing? And 2) What do I say if they ask me if I got their gift? 



How can you cheat at laser tag?
I am going to play laser tag sometime I guess. I need to know how to cheat so that I don't lose and so I can beat some lil losers. Any ideas for cheating would be greatly appreciated. Thanks bros.

I have to make a penis cake for my sister's bachelorette party. What type of penis should I make? There are so many variations. Additional notes: My sister and her fiancé are both officers in the navy. I would like to incorporate this into the penis cake somehow.


Home made Trampoline?
Would it be possible to make your own home made trampoline and what materials would you need?
I was on a popular dating app looking for local singles, and while swiping I came across my friend's fiancée and her dating profile. They've been together for at least a couple years and we meet weekly to play board games. I've been able to play it cool so far, but it is slowly eating away at me. I screenshotted the profile photo, but I don't know what to do. Could they be in some sort of open relationship type thing, and how do I find that out? Or did I just stumble on the worst thing ever? Please help! I didn't swipe right. 


How many of you think Adam Sandler is misusing his talents in movies?
First off, let me say that I do realize Sandler's roots are in comedy as a former comedian and he found himself a nitch with kids and slapstick humor.
That said, I think he's misusing his talents as an actor. Personally, my two favorite movies of him are Spanglish and The Wedding Singer, because he's actually playing an adult and not a juvenille, infintile character, designed to reach people over the age of 10.
He's clearly smart and has talent, but the billy madison, or obscene movies he has directed like Mama's boy, showing college kids having sex with grandma, or seniors having their diapers changed is rude, disrespectful and frankly TMI.
I just hope as he gets older he will use his brain more in movie making and go for a more grown up audience. I don't know if he thinks he's appealing to the common man with his older movies and if he does, It's a sad testament to how far our society has regressed.
Don't get me wrong, the kids movies were funny, but they too get old.


What was that cartoon movie that had a bunch of cars?

When you introduce yourself to someone and they call you the wrong name or decide they get to shorten it (like, shorten Jeffrey to Jeff) exactly how many times can you correct them without being a big ol' jerk? Like, at what point does Mel or Melonie[1] just become my name? 

Sent in by Eric Woods, from an unknown Yahoo Answers user, who asks:

Can you legally have a number in your name?
For example if you are the 4th Peter in your family, can you legally be called Peter IV?
When I use the stall at work, some office prankster likes to come in and use an app on their phone to create fart noises. Then when they've finish, they leave, turning out the lights. How do I get them to stop this? Please help me bring peace and quiet back to the bathroom. 


Did cavemen cry?
My girlfriend and I live in a basement apartment, and our landlord lives upstairs. We have a door in the backyard that goes to our carport, and we drive frequently. Our landlord has two small dogs that poop in the backyard, so whenever we come home from work late at night we can't see well enough and sometimes step in dog poop. It's her private backyard, so she's probably never had to clean up after them. Should we ask that she clean up her dogs' poop, or just walk around the house and come in through the front door? 

Have you ever wondered what happens to ghosts during tornados & hurricanes?


I love my big brother to death. We’re very good friends, and often go to social gatherings together. He’s probably the nicest guy I know, which is generally a good thing but has some unfortunate side effects. He sometimes up to 30 to 40 minutes to leave a place, because he has to say individual and personalized good-byes to everyone, which leaves me waiting by the door awkwardly more times than I’d like to admit. Although I know it comes from a very good place, I’m pretty irritated by this. Am I good? Should I say something? If I do, how do I do it without hurting his feelings? 

Why can't joggers run around in a circle? Why do they have to run where they can pose and flex in front of everone?
As an extremely lazy person, I would rather not see someone else getting fit. I really don't need any more guilt.
I'm in desperate need of some advice. I was helping lift a table at the office, and I ripped a hole in my suit pants from zipper to top of belt. I've been sitting here for some time at my desk. What are my next steps, brothers? 

Hiw to make your parents think you found a lizard even though you bought it online?


Jack In The Box's Brunchfast.

Can't get into TV series/movies because I know they are just acting?
Anytime I watch an interesting tv series I may get into it for about a couple of minutes before the thought of them just memorising some script and standing in front a camera pops into my head.........especially durn those scenes where a character is not suppose to know the other character stole something of theirs or something like that and they act like they dont know but since they are acting they really do...is anyone else like this....is there anyway to avoid this


Can you please just admit that George Washington didn't exist?


I have a quick question for you: My husband left me in charge of his office aquarium while he is gone away on a business trip. I'm not saying mistakes were made, but all of his fish are dead now. He's coming back in a couple of days, so how do you think I should play this one out? 

How to convince my teacher to start vape club?
20:50 - I have managed to befriend the guy at the restaurant near my work by repeating the things my coworkers say about sports. I get falafels there about twice a week, and I noticed the people who were chumming with him get a drink at no charge, whereas I do not. I only want a soda if I don't have to pay for it, but I can only tell if it's going to be free if I ask for one. If he really seems to like my sports regurgitations of the day, I'll take a risk and ask for soda, but so far I've ended up having to pay for each of them. How can I tell when our friendship has crossed the line into Free Soda Range (the FSR) and how can I get it there faster? 
The Ghostbusters theme won't stop playing on my computer nonstop. No application or background app is being used. Help!?


Where does Aqua man piss?

Are Roller Coaster Good For You?
Update: Like For Your Body.

I love my fiancée, and we've lived together for almost three years; however, she has one annoying habit - she always drinks only two thirds of a glass of water, and just leaves the still-partially-full cup behind. I keep asking her to either finish them, or take them to the kitchen to be washed. She insists she may want to finish it later - nonsense. How do I get her to clean up her mess, or should I be concerned about an upcoming invasion of earth by aliens whose skin is burned by water? -- Terribly Vexed In Terre Haute

12:43 - FY - Sent in by Drew Davenport, from "YaDrew Answers" user Johnny, who asks:
Level 9000 YaDrew Dr
Are Roller Coaster Good For You?
Update: Like For Your Body.

The last few days someone has left a bike parked on my sidewalk near my house, kickstand down, no lock, just standing there, and not even in front of any residence. It's not in bad shape - it just needs a new front tire to be ride-able. It was sitting there for about three days with no movement or anyone coming to get it, so I said fuck it, and took it. Am I good? 

Have you met or seen any celebrities through the horse world?
I'm just wondering if anyone else has. I've seen Patrick Swayze at the Kentucky Horse Park before. And in WEF (winter equestrian festival) in Florida, Seinfeld was there because his daughter rides and I talked to him!! haha Mary-Kate Olsen tried my friends horse the other week so we got to talk to her and I shook Stephen Spielberg's hand (his daughter was in my jr hunter class).
I just think it's cool that celebs compete in the same sport I do and when they're in the horse world, they're still viewed as "celebrities" but people generally leave them alone like they're normal people showing. No paparazzi or annoying scattering to them to talk or greet them, it's just interesting!
Do you have any celeb stories that relate to horses?? share! I'd love to hear them.

I was eating a cookie after lunch before going to the computer lab. When I got there, I realized there was a crumb from the cookie stuck in a fold of my shirt. Without thinking, I popped it straight into my mouth. Several people in the lab stared at me in shock, even though I explained it was just a cookie crumb. Should I have just brushed it off, or was I okay not letting it go to waste? 

What is Mary Tyler Moore's role in the big scheme of things?



My roommate recently started bringing home mannequins from work and putting them around the house. He says he does this because he doesn't want to see them thrown out. At first I thought it was funny, but now we're completely overrun. We have five complete mannequins, around seven half-busts, heads, and legs. Three of the mannequins are children, which he dresses in wigs and refuses to let me dress in clothing. I'm starting to get freaked out. Should I get him to stop? How do I tell him he has a problem? Can I downsize the family without making him mad? 


I invented a bag that serves 2 main purposes. Would like to pick the name for my project. What do you guys think of name "50/50 Bag"?
24:03 - My partner does a thing where they will sometimes pronounce words in the British way, even though 99% of the way they speak is with an American accent, but here's the catch: their mom is British, and their dad is American, and they spent most of the time growing up in the US, but they insist on pronouncing words like "herb" (with a hard H). I feel like they ought to go all in one way or another, but what do you think? 

How do they film a movie inside a movie ?
For example , the movie " Scream 3 " They were filming a movie inside of the movie called Stab 3 I believe . And I wondered how do they do that ? The house they used in the movie production Stab 3 was the house from the First Scream franchise . How is it done ?
I'm a rock climber, and I've got a lot of friends that climb too. While they're great friends, I don't exactly trust them all to belay me (that means basically catch me if I fall). They seem to find it offensive when I tell them I don't want them to belay me. How do I keep my friends without having to worry about getting dropped? 

When there is only a little bit of chip dip left in the container, I'll sometimes crush chips up and make it into like a frito pie. Alternatively, if there are only chip crumbs left, I'll mix them up with a bit of dip. My wife thinks it's disgusting. Am I good? 


If I ate 2 baconators from Wendy's, will I die?


Hey brothers, my friend brought me a leg of lamb she found in a supermarket dumpster as a house gift when she came to stay for a couple of days. She didn't mention it came from a dumpster until I cooked it and served it. Is this okay? Thanks. 


I see Orbs when I play my guitar?
Today I saw something strange while watching a recording of myself playing my guitar. I recorded the video in slow mo on my phone to see the strings vibrate. Its really cool, but I noticed a small white orb pop into frame directly on my fret board. I started from the 15th fret and traveled down the neck to the 5th fret. It moved fast as hell too. It reminded me of a shooting star by the way it moved. It then hovered for a second and then at a much slower pace, floated around the strings in a spiraling motion. So was it just dust? a spirit who wants to jam? Id love to read some theories on it!
I work at a startup where one of the perks is a laundry service. Once a week we can bring in a bag of laundry for wash and fold. I am going on parental leave soon, and I have light-heartedly announced my intention to drop by during my leave to drop off and pick up my laundry. Here's the problem: everyone keeps acting like I'm joking. I feel like if I ask outright, I'm putting them in a position where they can't say no, even if it's not okay. Am I taking a work perk too far? Is there a way to clear this up without putting someone in an awkward position? 

Who else can't stand fake Outkast fans?
The ones that just put Andre 3000 and say oh he's creative. Have ya'll actually listened to Outkast albums ? Andre 3000 is kind of like Kendrick Lamar, Observant & Introspective, he talked a lot about what was wrong with urban America. Intricate rhyming and unique musically
B/S ATliens is the best Outkast album ?


My landlord recently had a fence erected around my house, including a gate that stands between my front door and the sidewalk. He lives on the block, and really seems to enjoy making eye contact while walking up to my house and closing the gate every time I fail to do so. I've never spoken to the guy, so it seems like a pretty weird power play to me. Should I just hold my breath until I move away, or is it time to escalate? 

Teaching Internet My Uncle ?
Hello all well first my english is not good but hope you can understand
ok my uncle want to learn INTER from me im using the internet since 2010 and i have much knowledged about
internet downloading + searching almost Everything but im confused how can i TEACH him Internet
so i need your Suggest from where should i need to start ? how can i Teach him INTERNET
Thanks


Does Seattle have culture, class, cuisine, opera, all the stuff I see in Frasier?

Today on the train, I caught a woman taking a picture of me with her phone. The weird thing is that after making eye contact, she simply smiled and continued taking pictures. The phone wasn't even muted, and I could hear the shutter noise of each picture. I thought that she might be taking selfies, but she followed me with her camera even after I moved a few rows down in the train. So, my question is, what the fuck should I have done? 


Why don't pets need jobs, but humans do?
Why don't pets need jobs? People tell me to get a job, but why can't I be like a pet dog and sit around all day relaxing? Can someone explain why pets are excused? I mostly sit around playing video games or browsing the internet.
I get called "useless" for not working, but my pet dog gets called "adorable."
You never call a pet "useless to society."
Why not, aren't pets "useless to society"?
Oh yeah, they give humans comfort, but so do I. I give my parents comfort and I get called "mommas boy" and "childish." Why do pets get rewarded for doing things humans get shamed for?
Update: I know it sounds kinda silly but I'm serious.
Update 2: I know some pets DO have jobs, like police dogs or service pets that do things for disabled people. But most pets don't really do anything except eat, sleep, go to the bathroom, and have fun. Simple life.


I've never held a baby, and me and my wife are trying to conceive. I'm genuinely worried that I'm going to hold the baby wrong. What would be the best way to hold a newborn, in your opinion?

I've been slowly building a world for use in DMing or maybe try my hand at writing short stories. When it comes to creating a world from scratch, what was your first step or maybe baseline (i.e. geography, religion, world events)?

I understand starting a fantasy world with what I like, but what if I only like garbage? I can't very well build a fantasy world about discontinued cereals, which is about the only thing I'm interested in. 

Do we have a responsibility as parents to sometimes deliberately frighten our children with scary stories, movies, video games, et cetera. 

How do you balance working on so many projects from home and raising two kids? I know two of the brothers McElroy are expecting and the other already has a little one, so I feel like it's a discussion that everyone can weigh in on. 

How many people agree that SmashMouth at the end of Rat Race was a crummy way to end a classic comedy?
