      1. TOM      They used to do a warm body count in my high school. In each class, to count the number of students who were there. Understandable. But it wasn't a count of students present, or kids in the room – it was a count of warm bodies. Warm, warm, warm, there's a cold one, don't count him. 	Tom sat next to me in English. He was tall, with longish wavy hair that he wore swept in bangs across his forehead and fixed every minute or two. This was a trait I did not notice until I was forced to work with him on a group project. I'd be talking to him and he'd put his head down, shake shake shake, flick flick his hair back into place.       Tom loved three things: economics, Canada, and telling people they were wrong.       "I have a dual citizenship in Canada," he said. He was very proud of this and talked about it whenever he could. He talked a lot, except when he was silent. He always put on his sunglasses before he went outside.       Picture the classroom: the linoleum tiles, the fluorescent lights. The desks with the fake wood and the plastic seats that were cold and then hot. When the teacher was late we waited outside in the sun so bright so hot that it was a tangible force pressing down.       One time after finishing a novel, the teacher told us to analyze the metaphysical romance in the book. "Google it," he said, when we asked what that meant. We individually discovered that there was no accepted definition for such a thing. I came back to class with the understanding that he had strung two words together and left me to create meaning. That is, he had played a trick on us; that is, it was not real.       "You can't do that!" we said.       Oh but he could,       he could.      Tom, on the other hand, did not google it, did not do his work in general. He was preoccupied with more important things.        "The next American revolution is going to happen," he said. "In about ten, fifteen years. I'm going to hide out in Canada and I'm going to orchestrate the revolution from there."      As far as I know he's still there.       And though I have searched, I have yet to find a thing that resembles a metaphysical romance. 2. PAUL      Paul goes to Harvard now and he's changed his name to PoPo on Facebook and thus I can no longer be friends with him.    Caroline and I went to visit him and we discovered two things; 1) that he has made good friends and2) that he has kept secrets.    We turned to his roommate for gossip, naturally.   Here is a story:     One night his roommate came back late and the light was off, so he assumed that Paul was asleep. He got ready for bed. Then he heard some giggling and realized that there was another person in there. A little while later, a girl got up and ran out of the room. The roommate asked Paul about it the next day and Paul said that they'd just been cuddling. It was totally platonic. She was the girlfriend of another friend in the dorm.    "Then why were the lights off?"    "We were watching anime, and then we started cuddling. Platonically. Besides, she has a boyfriend."   "She has a boyfriend!?" Caroline expressed her outrage, whereas I kept mine inside.   "Maybe. I don't know. It's not my problem."   "It definitely is your problem now," I said.    "It was platonic cuddling."   "But Paul. Would you cuddle like that with one of us?" I was referring to myself and Caroline, his only two platonic female friends.    "No. That would be weird."   "Right. Because it would be platonic."   What I have learned is that Paul is a common name because it is a deceptive name. Anything could be under the surface. He lies, that one.    We talk about him behind his back. He's handsome and smart and he knows it. He's used to receiving that attention.    Caroline fantasizes about what she would say to him. I love it when she speaks her mind.   "hey FUCKBOY!" she yells.    He preens. 3. JAMESStand up comedy, part 1:"It was only a prank-murder."He had such a sweet smile, humor as dry and natural as a desert river. He wore black and white converse and cuffed his jeans. He could have been a model in a hipster magazine. But in the end, all comedy stems from the complications of sadness. 4. MAXWELL      Maxwell was a white straight french boy who loudly quoted rap songs without censoring himself, which should give you an idea of the kind of person he was. Yet there was something charismatic about him, something caring and funny and smart that flickered on his surface like sunlight on the chlorine water of a swimming pool. My mother liked him. I liked him too, even though I hated fielding his microaggressions, even though he preferred his other friends to share things with outside of school. Perhaps I was not outgoing enough for him. But in the end, we were only ever sharing time.       We fell gently out of touch, the way you might flop onto your bed at the end of an exhausting day.      In his first year of college I discovered he was dating a sweet, wholesome girl I'd barely known in school.       "Do you think he's cheating on her?" Caroline asked.       "I hope not," I said.       Bear in mind that Paul and Maxwell hate each other. They have different bodies but they're similar enough that they just want to tear each other apart. They each find the other far too obnoxious and egotistical to even consider being friends.       Caroline and I did orchestrate a conversation between them one time. Imagine this: two ultra-handsome semi-strangers brought face to face by meddling friends. Place this scene outside the huge new school theater, on the edge of the parking lot, with students and parents milling about after the show, in the cool dark of a California evening. Leaves imprint against the darkening sky. That was a good day.      Here is an approximation of how they spoke:Maxwell: oh, you're the guy who did the music for our movie. I liked your saxophonePaul: thanks, I thought it was pretty crappyMaxwell: it was much better than the drums. Who did the drums? He was really bad, his tempo was terrible, first he was too fast, then too slow, I couldn't even use it in the trailer...Paul: I like your facial hairMaxwell: I like your clean-shaven lookPaul: thanks. I shaved yesterday....Maxwell: I liked your song. What language was that? Was it German?Paul: no, it was KoreanMaxwell: I like German rapPaul: I'm more of an oriental kind of guy...I promise I made none of this up. 5. TODD      The fourth member of #squad was a boy who grew into a small man who always thought of himself as lesser than. He was surprised to remember that we were his friends. His problem was that he wanted to be like Paul, and this created a complex. Definitely a psychiatrist would know the name for it; I do not.      I believe that he was insanely jealous, but hid it well. It was only in the last months of senior year that we realized he was in love with Caroline. (Paul, as always, remained oblivious.)       He still texts her from the West Coast at 2 am, claiming to forget the time difference. "I'm not the old Springfield High Todd anymore," he says. "he was single af"and"I must surpass him one day…" (he is talking about Paul here)and "have you ever liked a guy before?"you had that feeling that fire inside you? "can you relate" (we know what he is talking about here)and"there was this girl I was all over. "didn't do anything dumb" (accompanied by a selfie of him and the girl). Can you imagine? Can you relate? Just begging for scraps of life. 6. ADAMStand up comedy, part 2:"She died. She died!"Everyone laughs.7. THE TWINS      In addition to his Canadian citizenship, Tom was friends with two boys. Fraternal surrogate twins. Now there's something you don't hear every day.       The first, he was a smoker, but carried himself so well that even his friends could no longer tell when he was high. He had an open, easy way about him, joking, carelessly racist, casually sexist. (He did not get on well with Maxwell, even so.) He had a pleasant, attractive face, the kind of face that peaks around 18, 20 years old. 20 years of skin on top of bones and well, he had a few more good years in him, before the drink and the drugs got to work. The point is, I suppose, that he was always living in the short term.       And the other? His brother, well, he was a different creature. As different as night and day, as they say. Perhaps more accurately, as different as day and a different day; dramatic clouds and a clear blue sky. His brother was serious, longer face, darker hair, heavier beard, wider mouth, deeper eyes. He looked at things piercingly, logically, categorizing into factions. He spoke his mind, violently, giving no quarter on his opinions. Meticulous, easily misunderstanding those around him, even his friends, who loved him for who they thought he was.       He's the logical one, they said. The first? Well, he's creative.       The creative type. It wasn't a compliment, the way they offered it, but rather a pity prize, consolation for his brother's success. Even the teachers joined in. They'd given him second chances already and he'd blown those too.       For different reasons, neither of these boys understood the magic of the metaphysical romance, or where to find it, in between the shades of life. Synthesis was never their strong suit.       They had a home in the suburbs, of course. Comfortably well off enough to never consider that their classmates might be less free.       But then, there are different kinds of freedoms. 8. LUKE      Caroline had a friend who hated me. The feeling was mutual. The "friend" went by "Donna" and for two years she dated a boy named Luke. Paul acted like they were friends and it wasn't until the summer after senior year that I learned that in fact the two boys hated each other. By this time I had already passed the point when I would never see Luke again.       Luke broke up with Donna that summer because he was going to UCLA. She was going to Moorpark Community College. It was a slap in the face to her, but not to me. I'd foreseen it.       Two months into his first semester, he calls her and tells her he wants to meet up. At the café in Barnes and Noble (the hottest meeting spot for teens), he says, "I haven't found anyone as good as you."       She agrees to get back together with him.       This is a consolation prize. The things you don't know about people are immense.       What might she say to me, if her soul could talk to mine? She'd probably tell me to fuck right off.       What would she say to him?       - you're lying next to me, on this blanket of stars, on this old and worn love song. your lips play a tune my ears can't quite catch. it's there, just out of reach. your eyes are ocean wells, briny and deep. who do you think you are, to be this way? what do you think you can do?       - I once heard a story about a castle on a cloud, and the sun turned everything to burnished gold. that could be us, if we don't let ourselves get in the way. that could be us.      But who do you think you are, anyway, to speculate on such things, on such a grandiose and opulent scale? Scales are for lizards, for fish, for slippery cold-blooded ocean dwellers, denizens of the deep. Not for us, mere flesh and blood, to weigh facts and figure against the immensity of existence. We know more about outer space than we do about the depths of the oceans of our own planet, isn't that crazy? Isn't that insane? Can't you read the cave writing on the walls?9. CHASE      He laughs each time like he's surprised at the mirth tearing out of him, like he doesn't expect it, doesn't remember that laughter is a thing that happens to him. It's not an action; he gives himself up as it leaps from his belly and out of his mouth.       "This is why they wrote stories about the moon," he says. His voice rasps, like magic, like floating on the waves at twilight. "They must have thought it was right beyond their reach, like they could reach up and pluck it ripe from the sky, if only they stretched a little further. Of course it was a goddess, a higher being, some magical mystical thing."       Or like tonight, the hazy glow, half-there, half-dark. He recites it to me, this thing that he loves. "I am thinking of aurochs and angels, the secret of durable pigments, prophetic sonnets, the refuge of art," and I am listening with a thrill because I have had this feeling before, a dialogue deeper than the surface. I want to go there, to that place where there is only this warmth I feel when he speaks to me like this, about the things that he loves. He grins like we share a secret. Of course we do. He offers instructions for living.      But you can only grow up once in a time, in a place. All those secret communities, while I was trying to do everything, and there were so many ways of reading, and words grew like garden flowers.      10. PAUL #2"Do you wanna have sex before you go?""No," I said, and left. 11. MYSELF      If it is not dangerous then it is not a pleasure. If it is not dangerous enough for me then I make it dangerous to my own self. I take a string from my heart and place it in the hand of the man next to me so that if he pulls even by accident it will unravel.       Before, what had seemed like a worn white patch on a background of blue was now clearly a figure – a person, standing with arms at their sides, their shadow cast behind them. If I squint, surely it will come into focus.       But you know what? Not every story needs a well rounded character.      I learn to memorize sensations. Rain tapping on the window, toes curled inside of shoes. I clean my house with silk so that it leaves a residue of luxury on the walls.       Left open, I am a piece of street art, free and clever and public to anyone passing by, to anyone taking pictures.       Closed, I shut myself, my eyelids, like a flower blooming in reverse. 