[Transcript of a radio interview, recorded January 17, 2196. FCR archives.]In this special edition of Jansen's Journeys, journalist Kevin Jansen interviews Auris "Spooks" Torney, the astralnaut who recently returned to Earth after a 150-year interstellar mission. Spooks' fellow astralnauts are still out there, exploring the far reaches of the cosmos.Q: Hello, listeners, and thanks for joining us tonight. I'm delighted to have the honor of speaking to our longest-serving astralnaut, Auris Torney. Welcome. May I call you Spooks? A: Please do. Q: It's so rare to have the opportunity to interview someone from the other side. This hour will be eye-opening I'm sure not only for me, but for all of our listeners as well. I'd like to start off by asking, what is it like to be dead in a world where the living take precedence?A: One of the strangest things is being conscious all the time. I guess you never realize how nice it is to have waking days punctuated by sleep until all you have are the days and the nights blurred into an unending expanse. 	One of the strangest things is being completely alone. I like being alone. I've never much liked company since my death. There were a few that I could spend time with. Spending time is all I do these days. There was one, in particular, whose presence I enjoyed. In a way, this is a song of nostalgia. But what's nostalgia for the future? A longing for a future that might exist, somewhere, if this universe really does splinter at every decision. I like to imagine that another version of me is out there, enjoying the afterlife. Does the universe discriminate against ghosts, do you think?Q: Well, IITA (International Interstellar Travel Administration) certainly doesn't. A: Obviously. Can you imagine sending a living person on a multiple-decade journey? There's a reason that the afterlife program caught on so well. "The future of space exploration is in the hands of the ghosts," they said. It's so obvious it's almost ridiculous no one thought of it sooner. Q: What lead you to join IITA?A: It's strange to consider the series of choices that led me to where I am. I reached a point, I guess, where I just had to go. Our warm little rock, third from the sun, miraculously capable of harboring life, was no longer capable of harboring me.       I started this journey because I was lonely. I realize it's not entirely fair to you to burden you with my ramblings, but you're asking the questions. And was it fair to me out there, witnessing miracles alone?       I suppose I sound rather melancholy. I don't mean to. Q: What miracles are you referring to?A: Miracles can be anything, if you bring the right mindset to it. The smallest thing, like water falling from the sky. But sometimes something is so big and impossible that it can only be a miracle. Nothing else will fit. 	Giving examples cheapens it, I think.Q: What was the hardest part of going on such a long voyage?A: I said before that I don't sleep. That's not exactly the case. It's true that I don't sleep like I used to, lying my body down and allowing certain parts of my brain to shut off. I don't have fleshy parts that need time to recharge. Some claim that makes us, the ghosts, more efficient. I'm not so convinced. If you know that you have infinite time to do something, the task will never get done. I, a pro procrastinator, can attest to this.       I did, however, slip into some sort of trance state from time to time. I know this because I had a dream that kept coming back, over and over. Maybe it's something in the space dust.       The fire always comes back to me. Not the flames themselves, but the feeling of the flames, the orange yellow glow against closed eyelids. Not the comforting flicker of a fireplace - something hungrier, older, dangerous. The flames, and the roaring crackle, and the sweet choking smoke in my nose. It's not a happy memory, but I dwell there often. Perhaps it makes me feel alive.       I don't know. Something always rouses me.       The hardest part?      They don't send us in pairs. Ghosts don't need company. Q: How did you adapt to living - excuse me, unliving in space? How was it different from unliving on Earth?A: There are a lot of perks. And it's much more lively than some of the things I could be doing. It's just that existence in general is kind of a chore. I have the right to complain about that, I think. 	And like I said, there is no company in space. I had my plants, of course. They packed up a metal capsule with flowering, nourishing plants and a ghost to take care of them and launched it out into the far reaches of the galaxy to see what would happen. To see if one day they could send living humans out there. The ultimate goal. I may have helped pave the way, but I was never the destination. That's fine. I knew what I was signing up for.       The plants survived, by the way. I harvested and replanted them and they kept growing. I look good care of them. They're a bit ghostlier than they used to be, but that can't be helped. The scientists are very happy.	But there were times when I wanted to see a face, hear a voice. I said I don't like company, and that's mostly true. But that's mostly because I run away from anyone I feel myself getting close to. Q: That's a remarkably candid thing to say.A: Candid is the only thing I have left to be. Q: What was your favorite part about exploring interstellar space?A: Some days I loved the solitude. It was all I wanted, back on Earth, when I was unliving in a crowded ghost apartment, waiting for a house to open up so I could haunt it. Good gigs on earth are pretty hard to come by. It's the daily grind all over again, except this time you don't get paid and it lasts forever.       I knew a spirit named Norman who haunted a cemetery behind an old church. Norman had antlers and a mossy skull. Sometimes he would rub his antlers when he was talking to you, like he was shy. He was adorable. I asked him how he got such a sweet position. Networking is everything, you know. "IT WAS MY SACRED GROVE," he said. "I HAVE THE RIGHT TO BE THERE. PLUS, NONE OF THE PRIESTS WANTED TO STICK AROUND."      I thought that was a good answer. I was a little jealous that I had not had a sacred grove. I wondered if I could create one for myself, posthumously.       Don't think that I was ignoring the pain Norman had surely suffered and that I was only thinking of myself, by the way. It's just that, when we're all dead, only the aftereffects of life really matter. Q: Did you have a career in haunting before becoming an astralnaut?A: Not a successful one. I never got the timing right. I mostly liked to hang around Norman's graveyard and watch him at work. He was the one who started calling me Spooks, you know. [ghostly laugher]       But he was too good at his job. I got scared. I ran away. Q: How long had you been a ghost before you joined IITA? A: You're asking when I died? Cheeky. But death isn't like waking up. It's more like the opposite of dissolving, slowly coming together particle by particle. Time affects us differently. I can figure it out by looking at the years, of course, when I first knew I was a ghost, it could have been minutes, it could have been millennia. I quickly realized that some time had passed since I'd died, because the living knew about the dead. Q: Yes, Melanie Atridge discovered the existence of the conscious afterlife in-A: I know. You don't need to give me a history lesson. And was it really hers to discover? Would it have been better if we'd stayed a secret? I honestly don't know.       I do know part of the reason you want to interview me is to learn more about ghosts. You can send us out into space, but you still don't know what makes us tick, do you? Or has that been uncovered while I've been away?	I know that just by talking to you I'm giving you precious information. Maybe I'm not as sullen as I try to be. Q: I don't pretend to understand how difficult it must be to be a ghost interacting with the living world.A: Difficult? No, you misunderstand. I am not nostalgic; I do not reminisce about the glory days when I had flesh and bone. In many ways, this existence is better. Life doesn't matter so much when you're dead. But my life - my death - did leave me... yearning. Gently hungry, but scared of what I might find. Q: Can you paint us a picture of a day in the life of an astralnaut?      A: Imagine this: my essence floating inside a metal vessel. They installed a seat in front of the control panel, which was thoughtful. My transparence could hover above it, a mockery of sitting.       The walls and floor of the capsule were silver metal. I don't know what kind. It was climate controlled so that the plants wouldn't freeze or burn, but that didn't affect me. There was a clear plate so that I could look out at the black and the still hard stars. I didn't have to be careful about ruining my eyes. My eyes are only sometimes there.        There was nothing keeping me inside the capsule. I could have slipped through the walls at any time. But why would I want to? There was nothing out there that I didn't have inside. And I don't like the feeling of being in a vacuum. It shivers me the wrong way.      Q: So you never went outside?A: Oh, I did, sometimes, when I was bored or when the capsule got too claustrophobic, or when I needed a break from the relentlessly cheerful plants. I would perch on the top, completely still as I traveled at unimaginable speeds. But I was too exposed, like that, with infinity pressing down around me and no barriers. I felt like I would be torn apart from the vastness of it.       Q: There are 8 other astralnauts currently in service, and about 120 retired ones. Are you in touch with any of them? A: As I've said, I'm not a very social ghost. Sometimes I would pick up their chatter on the radio in my capsule and listen for a bit. Whispers, you know, transmitting details of their voyages back to earth. A supercluster, a black hole, an unknown spot of light. It was almost like having friends, up there in the black, spirits who were just as alone as I was. I wonder if they ever heard me whisper back.       A lot of them left after I did and got back before me. It's strange, returning to find that so much more of the galaxy is known now than when I left. That the universe, although infinite, has become a smaller place.       We used to think we would fall off the ends if we weren't careful. Now we know better. Perhaps space is like that as well, just bigger.             In my capsule, though, the boundaries were very clear. Here is the wall; beyond that, space.       When my concentration is relaxed, my features dissolve into a mess of swirling mist. I think. Mirrors don't exactly work for me anymore. I can bring an expression out when I focus, but there wasn't anyone out there to impress.       I don't know why I'm so attached to these particular features. They aren't exactly the ones I had in life. I can make them different, if I think about it. But every time something startles me into a face, this is the one that forms. Q: It's interesting that you'd mention that, because despite your world-wide recognition, I've never seen a real picture of you. A: You can record my voice because I am nothing more than waves. Maybe that's why every picture that's been taken of me has come out wavy and blurred. The famous one I'm sure you're thinking of was taken the day before I launched. It's me in my spacecraft with my plants. I was smiling, I think. It was printed in the New York Times under the headline "Space Ghost." But it just looks like an out-of-focus image of some greenery in a metal capsule. 	I guess you can only see a ghost if the ghost wants to be seen.  Q: That certainly fits in with the popular psychospectral theory of why it's impossible to interview a ghost face-to-face. A: Ghosts don't like being interviewed, as a rule. We've done our time in the spotlight. Now it's time for drifting in shadows. But I've been away for so long that I wanted something to ground me again. Remind me what other people think existence is. Your questions are so strange. 	I wrote a memoir while I was up there, only for myself. I whispered it to my plants as I watered them and made sure their leaves were healthy. Generations of living green things let my words fall on their gentle shoots. You might be able to read them, if you could find a strong enough microscope.       Q: Any plans to publish that memoir at any point? I'm sure a lot of people would be very interested in what you have to say. A: The plants were the only ones I wanted tell, because I knew they would never tell anyone. Don't ghosts deserve to keep secrets too? Q: It's well-known that ghosts are incredibly secretive. In fact, you are only the third ghost we've ever recorded in this format.A: You're greedy for the afterlife. It's all mystery to you. You know we exist, you can communicate with us, but you have no idea what our existence is like. Once you get here, though, you'll find - well. I won't spoil the surprise for you.       One perk, though, is definitely the opportunity for space travel. You can do the things you didn't have the guts to do, now that you have no guts. You can see such incredible sights.       Once I passed the most beautiful nebula. It shone and throbbed until the places where my eyes should be started to hurt. Too bad I can only see in black and white. Q: Is black and white vision something that's common to all ghosts?A: Norman could see colors, I think. Mostly greens and browns. They suited him. And silvery grays, like the ocean in rain. Q: It sounds like you two were close. How did your departure affect your relationship with him?A: Oh! No, not close, not really. We had a professional relationship. You know. Like I said, he tried to teach me how to haunt. I was terrible at it. I chose another career path. 	[pause]      I did go to visit Norman before I left, to thank him and say goodbye. I drifted through the gate of his cemetery and he rose out of the ground surrounded by black smoke and a distant eerie howling.       "I'VE BEEN WORKING ON A NEW ENTRANCE," he said. "WHAT DO YOU THINK?"      "I love it," I said. I didn't say anything else. Normally, I would have asked him for some hot haunting tips, but I held myself back. I was leaving the haunting world behind.       He grinned his empty eyeless grin and rubbed one of his antlers. "AW, THANKS," he said. "HEY, LISTEN, I WANTED TO ASK YOU SOMETHING. UH, I WAS WONDERING IF YOU WANTED TO GO-"      "I came here to tell you something," I blurted out, abruptly. The thought of what he might be about to say sent me swirling counterclockwise with terror. "I'm leaving."      "WHAT?"      "I'm no good at haunting. You know that."      "I THINK YOU'RE COMING ALONG REALLY WELL."      "I'm going to be an astralnaut. I'm leaving tomorrow. I came to say goodbye."      "OH." His expression didn't change - it couldn't - but I could feel his temperature drop. His antlers drooped slightly.       "I came to say goodbye," I repeated softly. "And to thank you for everything."      "WELL. GOODBYE."      He floated towards me and there was a quick moment where I was held in his mossy embrace. He smelled like the forest floor after a rain. I clung to him, suddenly, but of course I was only mist and fog and he slipped right though me.       "I HOPE YOU FIND WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR, OUT THERE." He held my gaze, and I thought I saw a spark in his empty eye-holes, but then he turned away from me and sank back down into the ground.       At least that's how I choose to remember it. I have other versions, carefully filed away. In one of them, he whispers "I'M GLAD I KNEW YOU" in the space where my ear used to be. In another, I wasn't in such a hurry to run away, and I let him ask me on a ghost date, and we sat on a seaside cliff and our fingers touched as dead sailors sang down below. When I was feeling lonely, out in the black, that's the version I chose.       I said before that I didn't have much to leave behind. That's true. But it's also true that I left everything behind and that I departed from the planet in the hopes of doing something brave that had nothing to do with real bravery. Q: Is Norman listening tonight? [static] [distorted voices] Does he know that you've returned?A: No. Norman never liked human news. Q: Well, I won't pry into your personal ...unlife. Um. [pages rustling] What was the scariest part of being in space?A: Space wasn't scary. What exactly did I have to fear? It couldn't kill me. Space is bitter and cold, sure, but so am I.       [pause]      Ghosts don't have emotions, in case you were wondering, at least not the same way you do when we're alive. I remember emotions being bodily things - heart pounding, stomach dropping, seeing red. How can you feel those things when you don't have a body? So no, I don't have emotions the same way you might. But - and I can only speak for myself, not for all ghosts, because I'm sure we all experience things differently - I do feel certain things that might be adjacent to emotions. I am stirred like the breeze through the treetops. That is peace. I condense like the dark crushing depth of the ocean. That is sad. I lift up and expand into tiny particles, all humming and light. That is love. Q: Did you always want to go to space, even when you were alive?A: When I was alive, I had brown hair, I liked to sing. I ran cross-country for my school and my parents took pictures of me triumphantly holding up the little trophies I won. When I was alive, I started as a baby and grew up, my muscles got stronger, my brain got smarter, my bones got longer and calcified. I was an adult, I got a job. It was important to me. I walked in a world where sunlight touched my skin, where people could talk to me, where ghosts were not real. Sometimes it would rain at night and the rain tapping on the window made me feel safe. Milk going into coffee was one of my favorite things. When I was alive, there was a fire and then I was not alive anymore. Then ~I~ became real. And everything that was before swirls at the distant edges like a dream, like cupped water running out through my hands, like something I knew never really existed at all. 	I wonder whether Norman would have liked me when I was alive. I wonder whether I would have liked him. I don't really want to know the answer. Q: What was it like to travel between solar systems?A: It was beautiful. Moving so fast but not really moving at all. It was peaceful out there, alone, unsurrounded by life. I could have turned around and gone home at any time. It was all completely voluntary. I fulfilled my mission quota fifty years in. And so I kept heading out farther and farther, knowing that whenever I wanted to I could press a button and go back.       Repeating to myself, (I hope) I'll find what I'm looking for, out here. Q: Your mission was the longest recorded solitary space flight to date. You mentioned that you were looking for something - did you find it?A: The program was so new when I started, just some starry-eyed scientists shooting ghosts into space. No one trusted them. No one believed them. And now look.      None of you were born when I left. A hundred and fifty years is a long time when you're alive. Am I real to you? Have I become a legend? No one has done this - returning to an entirely new earth. Repopulated. What is it like? Those nice hopeful scientists who packed me up and sent me off, all dead and cozy in their graves. Different ones opened me up when I landed. The pneumatic seal made a hissing noise and they peered in with their strange, unknown eyes. The plants had grown wild, filling the space, and then there was me, hovering among them. What was it like, when you heard that I was coming back? Or do you only care when living people return?	Was I searching? Did I find?	Next question, please. Q: Our unprecedented number of listeners tonight is proof that people do certainly care about you and your journey. But moving on - how did it feel to be weightless?A: I'm always weightless. But it felt different to be untied from the Earth. More - wobbly. More possible. I think that's what brought me back. Q: Did you always know that you would return? A: It was time. Q: Based on your experiences, do you think there is life on other pl-[static] [rumbling] [indistinct voices] [static] HELLO? IS THIS WORKING? SPOOKS?A: ......Norman?Q: HELLO.A: I thought you didn't listen to the radio.Q: I'VE BEEN WAITING ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY YEARS. THERE WAS SOMETHING I WANTED TO ASK YOU.A: [ghost blushing] [a ghost chair falls over] [ectoplasm phases through the wall]Q: ...ARE YOU-? [silence] Hi. I MISSED YOU. [static] It's good to see you again. DID YOU FIND WHAT YOU WERE LOOKING FOR? I just did. - - - Transcriber's note: At this point, the recording cuts out. Kevin Jansen reported afterwards that he was in the middle of asking a question when his instruments went haywire and began transmitting from a different signal. There is no indication of what happened to Spooks Torney and Norman, but from the lack of hauntings at the recording studio, it may be surmised that they are enjoying a peaceful afterlife together somewhere in a cemetery behind an old church. 